intj - taoist, it applies logically to all, scientific or not.
physical looks aside, i am proud to say i've never worn sweatpants or gym shorts outside of workouts or my home.
worst seaseme street meme  the medical terminology twins: hurt and hernie.  least likely myth that mythbusters will feature on their show
istp or estj  tmlt believe in multiple messiahs.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rppiq5lseou  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfpuk98pji0  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwdiveh9dww  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsdwosh9dle  okay i admit...'
because i consider myself to be a part of the whole body of humanity, i could not just choose being a great person, because it would be like someone pointing to a detached eye and saying, look...
i think it's something you work towards.   if you ask others, they'll say i'm confident, but i don't always feel that way.   after a long time of pretending to be confident, it becomes true all...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hy0bfctzba  first album in 22 years. the whole album is really great.
yeah, i have felt that, specially when i finished to dance and the people were, you know, talking and not paying you attention, and as a street magician too, when i physical reaction, when i finish a...
i often really wish there was an opt out option for society. working is necessary, however. as individuals we have to throw something into the community pile. we have to contribute in order to...
because most of what i say is just utter shite so it's really not worth reading. i try to filter but i'm not effective.
honestly, xyra, i think you are being a little mean. 'if you are planning on actually trying'… i feel as though you didn't actually read my post. i did try - i told him that i had been shy initially...
i have brown skin so i dont like wearing foundation, it makes me look so unnaturally white and having oily skin it just makes my face look shiny, so yeh brown oily skin with fouundation looks like...
a surveyor.
asking does seem like the wisest decision, yes. i'm just damnably awkward around basically everyone, but i suppose i have to get over that.[/quote]  yeah i can't help with awkward, not sure that...
fair  and i don't expect someone to stick around forever if i can not fulfill their needs. but from my view it should be a compromise. and anyone who can declare enough affections to want to...
i don't know why, but he strikes me as intj.
i've actually disabled ads earlier today because it's been a problem recently. my computer is pretty powerful (i7 7700) but lately it's been rather often that ads keep loading constantly (tab keeps...
liquidcool,  i was just aiming a question at older and wiser isfjs (technically, they don't have to be older...) who have come to a place where they are just fine (in other words, self-sufficient)...
i just spent some time doing this: test your v.i. skills  so far i've nailed all personalities at the first try ecxept the enfj:s! so cool! :d  like there's something special about them! and...
i currently have two online infp friends that are in /terrible/ condition right now. though both don't know each other and are having two different problems, in general, they both feel very lonely...
not really. i compete with myself, try to push myself and improve in whatever i'm doing, but i don't care much about others. i use other people to see what's possible and set goals, but i don't...
are those tests really even worth the money? also, i've taken a few free one's, and i always come out as entp on those also.      i have not, that is a good idea. however, when i read through...
i am a esfj guy.  truthfully is a good one. speaking esfj is a good one. what i mean by that is. when you talk to us. tell us how you feel.
how i react to situations like this often depends on the overall mood. basically it boils down to feeling as though my emotions are being forced for any longer than a couple of minutes. if i were...
lol  edit: i don't like lol, will go back to using smileys :tongue:
this is the recent stream of thought i had to vent (not going to be bothered with editing because it's too late at night). also, it's been about a year since i last posted here. i'm glad to be back...
i prefer perfect to any other title.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5pggdcnt5m   i'm busy now but i'll be back to tear this apart. what do you think though?  edit:  i feel that the thumbnail is taunting me with the enfp letters...
urban dictionary: duckface duckface - oh internet antiduckface
tons. though, i'm a teenager, so i'm probably biased. :tongue:
he's dank. a lot of the things he says are funny, some intentionally and others unintentionally.
interesting, very helpful post. thank you for clearing that up! you get a thank.
i usually tested as intp, entp, enfp, infj. there were also some rare times were i scored as istp, estp and istj.  the estp result got me confused as i also tested as an infj, which shows how...
i used to test as intp. i no longer believe that, and i don't want to be one anymore either. but i tested the rest of my family once, back then. i had an intj mother and sibling, and an istp (maybe...
fair point   sent from my iphone using tapatalk
is this where i sign up?  m 18 single intp but can be infp very thoughtful 5+ years experience at corporation management(mcdonalds manager) rate: 5 dollars an hour take it or leave it
this is actually a symptom of add/adhd as well.  i ran a similar topic to this a long time ago as a poll, i was interested to see half to more than half of the enfps here do not identify as having...
i think your logic might be broken. get some sleep or a coffee.
1st result : estp well, this describe me well enough. what is this cognitive functions thing? from it's descriptions here, it doesn't seem like how my brain is working at all. but the rest of the...'
was typing very late at night, i fixed it. sorry for the mistake! i can't believe i didn't catch that myself.
i can't help but link the below video whenever lovecraft is mentioned:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3gnq2kycb4
i found this on soundcloud by the same guy who did the papfriskus dub  https://soundcloud.com/anime_sonicmega/skele-moon
maybe go into the two forums and see if you identify.  the functions can be confusing at first.  honestly the difference in order of functions is a tough one to tease out... read the you know you...
hello, fellow entp´s...  i am someone who always had a rather spiritual approach to sex and relationships. that started with like, my first fantasies at 14 and wayy before very frustrated...
as for the quality time conversation, i agree i want the other person to tell me about news they have etc. but when it becomes one-sided and i realized they forgot to tell me something incredibly...
'i think i just tend to adapt to the other person's style of flirting. i rarely initiate it but i probably make eye contact with people i am interested in more.
you just described what i thought about definitions. they are subjective and shall remain so. communication isn't impossible in such case, it just expect the two individuals to communicate clearly. i...
1. yes 2. yes 3. below 4. yes
get your hands on a bike or a pair of fitness inline skates .. this way you'll have the ability to take your alone time outside  (can still listen to music smartphone/mp3 player/ipod/whatever). your...
results:(largest percentages) 49% intp 16% infp 10% istp 6% entp 4% intj
wouldn't you love to get it before he does?
hello new friend~!<3 https://68.media.tumblr.com/4f1152e9bbef1971a0191ed983f74986/tumblr_ny4kainyxr1sox2y0o1_500.gif
people already said this in their own way, but i'll say it again: i hate how hard it can be to explain my inner world of ideas to people sometimes. teach me an over-complicated concept and i can...
for me, it's like a reflex. i can no longer count the number of times my mother read me a newspaper article, usually ending with a variaton of 'how could anyone do that', and my immediate response...
watched a few interviews. very strong fe. ni at times too. enfj, or a very outgoing infj.
who wants the hard dic def?  http://www.thefreedictionary.com/hard
'76257  i will leave you with this. i usually follow my gut but there have been times when i do not listen to it and end up hurt. good luck!
i actually don't like using the world cuddle very much, it sounds...gooey.  too sentimental.  i'd rather use the phrase curl up - comes off the tongue better with a little bit of bite to it.
i never said she was. all i said was that she is gen x since it seems like she's in her early 40s. you said your mom is about 20 years older than you, and you're a 1993 person. that means she was...
okay, first off...are you sure you're dealing with an intp male here? i've never heard of one singing to his lady love to calm her down. an intp's first response to feelings are to clam up and get...
if i date a man, he doesn't truly understand me lol
when i show emotion and when i find my self gossiping. then i realize that i am just following patterns that i see in every day life
lol. this is also a misunderstanding. i had asked my intj to do the dishes, and he was fine with it.   my intentions are not to pick a trivial fight over placing the food into the fridge because i...
first of all let me say that i love you guys.  you're talented, aware of your surroundings and your social skills outweigh mine about a million fold.  with that in mind, allow me to present to you a...
normal day when you're off work  i usually wake up everyday at 9 am. breakfast in front of tv then internet until night.   on occasion i'll meet with friends but very rarely and some sports here...
gosh flood of thoughts, i want to say that (thinking cap is on atm) we should be happy because that is what is bred into us since we are little, and that happiness is a huge goal that we should...
isfp
what i love most about myself is our amazing ability to continuously draw parallels between different situations, things, people, etc. this is the reason why we are able to keep up with so many...
***note: i thought that the following would be important to share. please read this before reading anything else :   i donx92t have the best memory, so a lot of stuff has probably been left out due...
i'm talking to people all over the political spectrum, and i have noticed a very worrying trend. most of them say pretty much the same. the only big difference is that they're talking about...
first off, i realize that it says infp as my type. but people think i am infj when i asked the forum... i really relate to both on a great level.   my favorite fictional character would have to be...
why are you so introverted? we need to fix you.  or people just laughing at you for your odd behavior.
travel or university/college?  i'm sorry if this has been covered before, as i'm sure it probably has! i'm happy for this to be looked at in a general sense, but i would also really appreciate...
we are both males, he has a girlfriend and being gay at my church is not necessary a good thing
you totally rule cherybranchs.  infp hugs all around!
entp, mainly because i'm so damn sick of hearing how perfect they're supposed to be for us, i can take them in small doses most of the time but i seriously couldn't see being around one that often....
i prefer cats over dogs.  in general, i find dogs too needy and i don't like the licking.  i have two cats at the moment, and have had dogs at various points in my life.   if i own another dog, i...
totally - i was meaning in public as well, forgot to put that in. it's very strange, glad someone relates! i'm not sure if i'd even say i was afraid, which makes it even weirder. which topic are you...
do you guys do video? i got premium for group video if you want.
i do believe it's important to think about your 'work' persona and your 'home' persona as for some people these can be quite different things and we potentially exhibit slightly different functions...
me: infp ex #1: intp letters that didn't work: f, t relationship description: extremely onesided. we were eachother's first lovers and i wanted to see him a lot. he felt too smothered and needed a...
intp taurus 25 y/o  bear in mind that people that matched your predictions will be more likely to submit here, call it surprise effect (omg you guessed me right how did you know). ha. that can...
stop it with the emoticons you're pissing me off  on another note, if people get in the way of me wanting to go somewhere/do something, my rage meter automatically rises.
'your best bet is to find someone new and leave him alone. i find this type of behavior offputting.
yeah gonna try near all of these tomorrow. dont wana do anything to fuck the internal thread just yet, thats a last resort
niss even if you thought you were/are ... smarter than the average bear, so what? there are a number of members of this forum, esp. intj's (if i recall rightly) who affirm intellectual elitism! ...
sounds like infp to me lmao!!
neptune  you are dreamy and mystical, with a natural psychic ability. you love music, poetry, dance, and (most of all) the open sea. your soul is filled with possibilities, and your heart...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ua3k8vncflq
e: 2 i: 21   s:9 n:14   t:20 f:4
i smell sarcasm from the original post. :laughing:
to wonder is natural, and good. the fact that there are so many possibilities in the universe, and that we know so little however, is not an excuse to make up random things and then say yes, but it...
photography is one of my passions.  i enjoy the process of taking the photo more than outcome of the photo usually. i don't particularly enjoy being in front of the camera though.
concentrate on whether being analytical makes you feel good or bad (i.e. bad). use si to stave off inferior te until fi can take back control of the situation.
you know your a intj when you don't really like note-taking but you know you want to so you can gain knowledge on whatever topic you are obsessing over at the moment. :)
i mumble constantly when i'm alone. i'm mumbling this as i'm typing. i don't while reading though, that annoys me to no end. i rationalize it by owning a cat. she often meows back, which makes me...
so here are my thoughts...  neku: all i know is that he is introverted... shiki: esfj joshua: intp (everyone thinks j, but i am sure he's p--whoever wants an explanation, just ask) beat: esfp...
i think where you would find an infp depends on if you want a light happy infp that smiles and let's people talk and is sometimes pushed around, very happy go lucky, or a more stereotypical infp;...
they would probably be too shocked to see all of the weird shit i do rather than judge whether or not they like me. the people around me know that i'm pretty goofy already, but if they had the...
